qml.matrix raises an error if wire_order is not given (#5328)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/development/deprecations.rst

Completed deprecation cycles
----------------------------

* Calling ``qml.matrix`` without providing a ``wire_order`` on objects where the wire order could be

>   ambiguous now raises a warning. This includes tapes with multiple wires, QNodes with a device that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ambiguous now raises an error. This includes tapes with multiple wires, QNodes with a device that
```
